2nd meeting
================

Paper works:

1.  Completed and signed the 6 months report.

Actions:

1.  Derrick will finish the rest of the report and send to Henry.
2.  Frank may be required to meet the Head.
3.  Frank to keep the key tasks in mind - Oral presentation and
    proposal.

Key dates:

31st March for the presentation 30th April for the written proposal

Key points:

Identify the objectives and tasks 6\~8 objectives maximum for the
thesis. board and focus The flowchart is a task list Use the flowchart
to summarised the objectives

Q\&A:

1.  Proposal clarification

<!-- end list -->

  - should be a combination of a light literature review and objectives
    with detailed tasks
  - less worry about the budgeting ($2000NZD is the normal limit)

<!-- end list -->

2.  The involvement of database developing and computing resources

<!-- end list -->

  - Talk to the librarian (Roger Dawson) for data archive
  - Talk to Andrew Frapwell for options of computing resources

<!-- end list -->

3.  Existing soil parameters in Apsimx model can be used to set the
    range of the paras, then the soil library might be developed.

4.  seedling crop is defined as the period from sowing to first cut

<!-- end list -->

  - Partitioning behaviour is the key to define the seedling and
    regrowth. 50-50 to above and underground when seedling, 80-20 to
    above and underground when established.
  - plant density does not matter much since the crop starts
    self-thinning from the beginning of growth.

<!-- end list -->

5.  Richard’s work in apsim classic

<!-- end list -->

  - The task is to transfer the classic parameters to apsimx
  - The objective is to represent the soil water effects on lucerne in
    apsimx model

<!-- end list -->

6.  5t/ha root reserve as the threshold for regrowth

<!-- end list -->

  - there is a systematic errors in the model (plant extract more water
    in real world, but model only predict one line for different sowing
    date)
  - go back to the raw data and check profile water
  - check the layer data to figure out if the crop extract more water
    from different layers or it went deeper

<!-- end list -->

7.  Two sets of parameters in Ashley dene for seedling and regrowth

<!-- end list -->

  - we can only do the first year comparison at the moment
  - try run two sets separately

Thesis overview: First chapter can be 2 or 3 approach comparison: -
manual - slurp way - PEST like box
