---
Title: Summary of 27th August catch up with Hamish, Derrick and Xiumei
output: word_document
---

For Frank 

1. For above ground part, LEAR, RUE, Phyllochron and Height will be the key
parameters to look at.
   Branching is a different level/approach to model. LAI already catch it.  

2. L and P might have root data. check with Ed. 

3. A graph that has root progress with the RFV derived from raw data.  
   This will provide the interface whether the root simulation in the model
   align with the RFV.
   The RFV always will be a bit lagged comparing to the true root growth. 
   
4. Maximum rooting depth might not be what we observed via the data. It could be
deeper since we only have the measurements down to 2.3 m. The above ground
biomass will inform this part if the soil is dry but the biomass still increases.

5. Optimisation procedure might be better used for above ground pramaters after
get the soil parameters right. Too many prameters in the soil module. 

6. Use a single value for RFV, but play _xf_ to modify it.  

7. The important thing is to visualise the model performance of soil water after
each calibration for each layer. 


For Xiumei: 

1. Parameterisation approaches: 
    - Derive from literature 
    - Derive from observed data 
    - ~Guessing~ Model fitting procedure
    
2. Presented data deserved to be addressed, behaviour or not. 

3. Underestimate height might be caused by:  
    - N allocation? 
    - Untracked water stress 

4. Prediction of leaf CP 


Actions to take: 

For Frank:  
1. Schedule a time with Hamish (Half day) to work out a procedure and tidy
things up a bit.
2. Set the structure for the thesis. 

For Xiumei:

1. Check the model structure to verify the height simulation with no stress. 
2. Modify the manager to reset the date of tidy up. 





